# Multi-label feature selection with shared common mode (2020)
[Multi-label feature selection with shared common mode (2020)](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0031320320301473)
- A modified version of DeepFM is used to win the 4th Place for [Mercari Price Suggestion Challenge on Kaggle](https://www.kaggle.com/c/mercari-price-suggestion-challenge). See the slide [here](https://github.com/ChenglongChen/tensorflow-XNN/blob/master/doc/Mercari_Price_Suggesion_Competition_ChenglongChen_4th_Place.pdf) how we deal with fields containing sequences, how we incoporate various FM components into deep model.

Authors = Liang Hu, Yonghao Li, Wanfu Gao, Ping Zhang, Juncheng Hu.

Journal = Pattern Recognition.

Abstract :
Multi-label feature selection plays an indispensable role in multi-label learning, which eliminates irrele- vant and redundant features while retaining relevant features. Most of existing multi-label feature selec- tion methods employ two strategies to construct feature selection models: extracting label correlations to guide feature selection process and maintaining the consistency between the feature matrix and the reduced low-dimensional feature matrix. However, the data information is described by two data matri- ces: the feature matrix and the label matrix. Previous methods devote attention to either of the two data matrices. To address this issue, we propose a novel feature selection method named Feature Selection considering Shared Common Mode between features and labels (SCMFS). First, we utilize Coupled Ma- trix Factorization (CMF) to extract the shared common mode between the feature matrix and the label matrix, considering the comprehensive data information in the two matrices. Additionally, Non-negative Matrix Factorization (NMF) is adopted to enhance the interpretability for feature selection. Extensive ex- periments are implemented on fifteen real-world benchmark data sets for multiple evaluation metrics, the experimental results demonstrate the classification superiority of the proposed method.
